✨ support arbitrary auth (#26)
deepgram/browser-agent: README.md

- `height` (optional, default = `"0"`): the height of the canvas for agent animation
  - The animation will always take up a (roughly) square area, so this should typically be the same
    value as `width`.

> - `auth-scheme` (optional, default = `"bearer"`): the auth scheme to use with your token

Author: how about:

>  Use `bearer` for the Deepgram API when working with token-based authentication. For local
    development you may find it more convenient to use an API key (`token` scheme). **Never use API
    keys in a production browser application!**

i'm sticking to "use" over "expose" because i don't want to suggest there's a way of using API keys in a browser application "unexposed"

### Properties

- `token` (optional): the token to use for accessing the Deepgram /agent API. See the [token-based

>   auth docs](https://developers.deepgram.com/reference/token-based-auth-api/grant-token) for how to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  auth docs](https://developers.deepgram.com/guides/fundamentals/token-based-authentication) for how to
```
If you link to this it has a lot more context for the user
